JK's Skyrim SE Changelog

Version 1.7 (4/3/21)
Tweaked navmesh in Winterhold, Dragonbridge and Dawnstar
Added navcut collision markers in Falkreath and Solitude
Changed faction ownership of merchant containers causing random CTD for some players
Fixed wild edit to Solitude Blacksmith exterior
Carried forward USSEP edit in Dawnstar
Carried forward Update.esm landscape edits in Winterhold
Changed mushroom dirt in Ivarstead
Removed wind sound from interior hanging banners in Cedric's Trading Shop and Jauffre's Corner
Reduced size of tree that conflicted with JK's Candlhearth Hall balcony

Version 1.6 (14/4/19)
Fixed Object Bounds wild edit
Packaged Assets in BSA

Version 1.5 (23/2/19)
Navmesh cleaning with new versions of xEdit.

Compatibility Updates (since last release)
Added ETaC compatible replacer file
Added Arthmoor's Falkreath Patch
Updated Arthmoor's Patch Pack
Added Skyrim 3D Trees Patch
Updated Realistic Water Two Patch
Added Outlaws Refuge Patch
Added Blowing in the Wind Patch
Updated No Lights Patch

Version 1.4 (19/5/18)
Removed some minor edits in a couple of interior cells for greater compatibility
Added collision to Solitude Hall of the Dead posts (vanilla issue)
Added occlusion planes to all buildings in Rorikstead, Dragon Bridge and Dawnstar
Add occlusion plane to Windhelm
Updated WaterFlow records and carried forward any changes from the latest USSEP
Altered food baskets and crate meshes in Rorikstead for improved performance
Added Rorikstead Baker and Butcher for inbuilt compatibility with future Arthmoor's Rorikstead patch
Removed floating armor in Falkreath graveyard that refused to "rest in peace"!
Attached Stormcloak shield in Dragon Bridge to appropriate Xmarker
Changed Regner's (Rorikstead) voice to MaleBrute to better match his Blacksmith dialogue
Fixed some lower case building names
Landscaped some clipping grass in Rorikstead
Fixed alignment of Bit's and Pieces sign in Solitude

Compatibility
Released Dawn of Skyrim patch
No Snow Under the Roof Patch updated and released for SE
Added Arthmoor's Rorikstead Patch
Cutting Room Floor patch released removing duplicate Riften gate
Updated Realistic Water Two Patch with Markarth waterfall fix
Added Oblivion Gates Patch to adjust Windhelm gate position
Added Storefront patch to fix clipping Windhelm woodpile and Riften crates


Version 1.3 (29/4/18)
Fixed flora clipping in Solitude
Changed Windhelm Dunmer alchemist to female so her voice matches the vendor dialogue
Added Face Tints to Dunmer Refugees in Windhelm
Removed 2 wild edits; Dwarven load screen and dog idle marker, due to CK shenanigans
Added occlusion planes in Riften for improved performance
Changed Riverwood horse ownership (again) to WhiterunStablesFaction to stop Delphine joyriding

Compatibility
Added Greater Skaal Village Patch to fix clipping balcony behind the Greathall.


Version 1.2 (20/4/18)
Fixed flora clipping in towns and villages (big thanks to LoD7995 for his help and quality control)
Disabled Sky Haven Forge map marker from appearing before the player has visited
Changed horse ownership in Riverwood to stop Gerdur going on joy rides
Changed idle markers behind forge so Alvor will keep working
Stopped NPC's from sandboxing at Riverwood smelter
Lock routine added to all JK's buildings. The doors will now lock at night and when the owners are out
Updated NPC AI Packages so they interact more with the village
Initially disabled Stormcloak Banner inside Dragon Bridge shop
Added AI packages to Windhelm rats
Fixed havok settle for floating armor in Falkreath Graveyard
Added missing posts and ladder below the waterline for a dock in Dawnstar
Randomized contents of alcohol barrels in Dawnstar ship
Lowered dock in Dawnstar
Fixed misaligned post at Falkreath Jarl's Longhouse
Balanced the access to skill books in some homes
Added ownership to barrels and sacks in Whiterun and Riften markets

Compatibility
Moved sunken rowboat in Dawnstar for built in compatibility with BOYD
Shifted handcart at Dawnstar entrance to give Touring Carriages some turning room
Realistic Water Two Patch patch released to align blacksmith water troughs in Solitude and Markarth
Holidays patch released fixing clipping decorations and adding decorations to new JKS buildings
Better Docks patch released
JK's Skyrim No Lights Patch released removing all lighting for compatibility with exterior lighting overhauls
Unique Vampire Dens SSE created and sent to mod author for hosting
Added Carriage & Ferries Transport Overhaul to available patches
Created patch for Training Dummies Provide XP for the mod author to host
Mirai patch released removes clipping outside Markarth patch


Version 1.1 (2/4/18)
Fixed conflict with Animated Clutter. Animated Clutter replaced the vanilla sack mesh which was causing a CTD with JK's static sacks in Dawnstar. 
Added light markers to braziers at Riften's Temple of Mara and in Markarth. 
Fixed flora clipping in various cities. 
Added collision marker to wall and roof in Windhelm. 
Removed guard tower in Rorikstead that clipped with Immersive Citizens animal shed. 
Added Navcut marker to carriages in Rorikstead to improve follower pathing. 
Added ownership to horse in Rorikstead. 
Lowered pathway in Dawnstar for better fit with the environment. 

Compatibility 
Arthmoor's Dawnstar, Dragon Bridge and Ivarstead individual patches released. Merged patch released for Arthmoor's villages combined into one. 
Bal Ruhn SE player home. Lowered snow drift in Windhelm for built in compatibility. 
Better City Entrances patch released. 
Leaf Rest patch released. 
Thunderchild patch released moving the Pillar of Lightning Shield in Dawnstar 20 metres to the right. 

CTFO - Carriage & Ferries - Classic patch has been updated and sent to mod author for hosting. 
Sky Haven Temple - Gardens replacer esp has been updated and sent to the mod author for hosting.


Version 1 (29/3/18)
Initial Release. 
Merged Files and Version number listed below. 
All Classic Skyrim versions have been updated for SE. 
USLEEP changes have been carried forward into main file. 

Whiterun 1.4b SE 
Whiterun Outskirts 1.4 SE 
Windhelm 1.2b 
Solitude 1.2 
Markarth 1.1 
Riften 1 

Dawnstar 1.1 
Dragonbridge 1.2 (includes fix for Stormcloak banners) 
Falkreath 1.1 
Ivarstead 1.1 
Morthal 1b 
Riverwood 1.3d SE 
Rorikstead 1.3 
Winterhold 1 

Skaal Village 1 
Skyhaven Forge 1 SE

